Janet
I had a roommate that was a hippie
She didn't shave, use deodorant, work out etc.
Her parents dumped 500 into her bank account weekly.
She never did laundry.
Dishes including mine that she and the other suitemates would
use would end up growing ecosystems when left in the
sink for weeks.
I had to wash my dishes in the shower
and kept them in my room to avoid sharing.
She would have weekly movie viewing parties on weekdays like
Tuesday and Wednesday in the living room with far more
people than should fit in that room until 2 AM
when I was trying to study or sleep.
Pubes consistently everywhere in the bathroom.
Mine were a different color so that eliminated that problem.
She took fiber supplements and took the most massive shits
that left shit rings in the toilet after she flushed.
Earning her the nickname Queen of Saturn
from me and my boyfriend.
The final straw was when she left a used tampon
behind the toilet.
Still don't understand how you miss throwing it out/dropping it
into the toilet.
NOTE end of file